SUMMER OF 2012
KOO SEONG-HEE
FRIENDS: MYEONG-O. SA-RA
HYE-JEONG. JAE-JUN. YEON-JIN
SON MYEONG-O
MORE TATTOOS? I'M SO COOL
LEE SA-RA
FINISHED MY PAINTING. CHEERS!
WHAT TO WEAR? SO MANY CLOTHES
CHOI HYE-JEONG
SG AIRLINES
JEON JAE-JUN
FIVE DAYS AGO
SIESTA
NEW MESSAGE
JAE-JUN
UNDER MAINTENANCE
SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE - SIESTA
PARK YEON-JIN
WAITING FOR MY BABE
AMAZING VIEW. THANK YOU
WHICH DRESS?
THEY'RE ALL SO PRETTY
A LOT TO PREPARE
BUT I'M HAPPY! LOVE YOU!
LAND TOUR
SUNGHU STATION BRANCH
A BOOK ON THE GAME OF GO
THE GO STORY
CAN YOU DO AN EXTRA MATH SESSION?
YOU CAN SET THE PRICE
PARK SEUNG-HUN'S MOM
BLOOD CHEMICAL TEST
ANEMIA TEST
UNIVERSITY OF EDUCATION CAFE
SPRING OF 2015
MOON DONG-EUN
SUMMER OF 2021
GARBAGE BAG
GENERAL WASTE
SEMYEONG
GARBAGE BAG
BUILDING NUMBER
BUILDING DETAILS
LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT
TESTATOR: KIM SHIN-TAE
TO MY OLD FRIEND JO SOO-HYEON...
I BEQUEATH THE FOLLOWING
70 SEMYEONG-RO. SEMYEONG
DONATED OVER 30 BILLION WON
SEMYEONG FOUNDATION
KIM SHIN-TAE'S FAMILY TREE
TO MY OLD FRIEND JO SOO-HYEON
ARTIST LEE
SPRING OF 2022
A NEW TOMORROW WITH JAEPYEONG
A FUTURE BUILT WITH JAEPYEONG
SEMYEONG REAL ESTATE
RENTAL CONTRACT
Subtitle translation by:
Michael Evans